Add Windows-specific information for s8 and s10 (#10)
tecladocode/testing-python-apps: section10/README.md

# Section 10: Acceptance testing

> - On Windows can still use the PyCharm Multirun plugin, or now PyCharm CE comes with a "Compound" run configuration which you can use to run two other run configurations sequentially.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit hard to understand. What do you think about this (made by ChatGPT-3.5):

```suggestion
- On Windows, you have the option to utilize the PyCharm Multirun plugin, or alternatively, PyCharm CE now offers a "Compound" run configuration, allowing you to execute two other run configurations consecutively.
```

Author: Just by seeing the word "utilize" you can tell it's ChatGPT 😂

I do wonder why not just "use" 🤔
